I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
The Rainy Day Game
It is raining.
Peppa and George have to stay inside.
I don't like rainy days.
I like rainy days
because they make muddy puddles to jump in.
Can we jump in muddy puddles now?
Peppa, we need to wait until it stops raining.
When will it stop?
Let's listen to the weather forecast.
This is the weather forecast.
It will rain all day.
Oh!
I know. We can play the rainy day game.
What's the rainy day game?
I'll show you.
If I take this rubber duck,
and hide it where you can see it.
Do you think you could find it?
Daddy, if we can see it,
you haven't hidden it.
Watch this. I will put the duck here.
Now, you tell me where it is.
There.
Exactly.
It's too easy, Daddy.
It won't always be so easy, Peppa.
Who wants to go first?
Because it's an easy game,
George can go first.
OK, you all wait here.
Daddy Pig is putting the rubber duck
somewhere for George to find.
The duck is somewhere in your bedroom.
George is looking for the rubber duck.
But it is quite difficult to find.
George, you can see it.
Just look with your eyes.
George is using his eyes
to look for the rubber duck.
You're getting warmer, colder. Warmer again.
George has found the rubber duck.
Hooray!
I saw it straight away.
This game is too easy.
OK, Peppa's turn.
I will do the hiding this time.
Mummy Pig is going to put the rubber duck
somewhere for Peppa to find.
I will see it straight away.
Ready! The rubber duck
is somewhere in the kitchen.
I've come to find you, rubber ducky.
I know where you are,
you're in the sink. Oh.
The rubber duck is not in the sink.
I know, you are hiding under the table.
The rubber duck is not under the table.
Give me a clue, please.
It's sitting
with something else that's yellow.
Something yellow that lives in the kitchen.
Bananas. There you are.
Peppa has found the rubber duck.
It was in the fruit bowl.
Hooray! Well-done.
I want to play the rainy day game again.
OK, this time
you can both look for the duck.
Daddy Pig is putting the rubber duck
somewhere for Peppa and George to find.
Ready, I'm in the sitting room.
Is it on the sofa?
No.
Is it on the television?
It's not anywhere.
Would you like a clue?
It's sitting on something very big,
and very wise.
And very handsome.
Daddy, it's on your head.
That's the best hiding place ever.
Oh, the rain has stopped.
Why don't we play outside?
But I want to play the rainy day game again.
I think you might like
this outside rainy day game even better.
What is this game? Give me a clue.
We need to find a muddy puddle.
I found it. Is that the game?
This game is not just about the finding, Peppa.
What do you do with a muddy puddle?
Hmm, jump up and down.
Jumping up and down in muddy puddles!
I like rainy day games,
especially the one when you jump
up and down in muddy puddles.